You're not funny, Greg
You were never as funny as you hoped, Greg.
This really is just all your fault, Greg.
You fucked everything up because you just couldnt leave some kids alone, Greg.
You've ruined your children's lives, Greg.
Imagine waking up to your father doing what you do, Greg. Your kids must be as proud of you as your parents.
You've legitimately preyed on children, Greg.
Normal people don't have to worry about the FBI or Chris Hansen, greg.
Your fake breakdowns aren't working, Greg.
Nobody believes any of this, Greg.
This is all just stalling for the inevitable, Greg.
You're going to lose everything, Greg.
You have nobody but yourself to blame, Greg.
You're old, Greg
Chris Hansen is coming, Greg
Onion boy has small brain
Eat shit, Greg
Greg abuses his partners
Greg is an attention whore
Greg is a sad fuck
DOWN WITH GREG THE TROGLODYTE!
Greg, your acting sucks
I wonder how you survived this long?
Are you offended yet, Gregory?
I know you love looking at teenage girls
Stop trying to groom underage kids Greg.
Keep your pedo forums offline, Greg
I hope your eyes may have a deadly encounter with a cheese grater, Greg.
uwu pedo ass uwu
Onion man should be in jail for pedophilia
Walmart brand Lionmaker
I'm sorry your kids have you as a father
What's your favorite young thug album, pedo?
Jeffrey Epstein didnt kill himself, but you could without anyone caring.
alt f3: Onision in Epstein's flight log
Commit alt+f4 Greg.
Even other pedophiles are disgusted with you, Gregory.
Stop thinking preteens are sexy, Greg. You're gross.
Your parents are probably disappointed in you, onion boy.
I regret living on the same planet as you, Onion.
*insert insult here*
The only people who are willing to date you are groomed teens, ew.
You're an abusive pedophile.
Your dick is tiny, so you needed to find underage virgins... ew
Why is your hair so fucking Greasy Gregory?
Looking forward to your jailcell?
You're objectively a sad man, Greg.
Your bed in prison will be as thin and flat as the chests of the underage girls you're attracted to, Gregory.
You're objectively a bad person Gregory
I understand why your spouse divorced you.
I understand why she left you Gregory
You're just an all around bad person Gregory
I hope your prison cellmate treats you the same way you've treated people all your life Gregory
I wish I didn't know who you were, pedo.
hey look it's a pedophile with greasy hair.
I'm against the death penalty but, pedos should get the rope
Greg takes advantage of young girls
Greg manipulates underage fans to living with him
Your parents are definitely disappointed
You're a bad person Gregory
If you were a spice, you would be flour, Gregory
Nobody above the age of consent likes you Gregory
Chris Hansen is coming for you, Greg, have a seat
F
L
E
S
M
I
H
L
L
I
K
T
'
N
D
I
D
N
I
E
T
S
P
E
Ever thought of just giving up, Greg?
It's time to give up, Greg
There's no P in LGBT, Greg
Use code "Greg" for 20% off Nambla merch
How does it feel knowing you're legally classed as a pedophile?
Your mother must be so proud to tell people you're her child
Your father must love saying he raised you
Will your prison pimp count as a member of your poly relationship?
I can't imagine what your children will go through at school
Your kids are gonna love saying you're their dad, Greg, I can just feel it
How many family events have you been excluded from, Greg?
This isn't going to work, Greg.
You can't do the same as last time, Greg.
You're failing, Greg.
This is really sad Greg.
I hope your children can adjust to foster care quickly
You're not as smart as you think you are, Greg.
You're not rich enough to get away with being a pedo, Greg.
